So what new admission? Faster. You're going to have to tackle off War
Z or your worship. So up to this point, you may or may not have been
required to write fitness reports. Certainly your own fitness report.
So you're going to have to write those, right? Those evaluations,
your personal side. So that's one thing that you may or may not have
the skill set. So all right, that wraps. It's been pulled more art
than science on. They take skill set to do that. I wrote men. You I
was coming up everything right on myself. I would bar with steel reps
from other officers. So it has him in my file, so I would know how
to write them. Um, as I began senior. So now I'm really hush far.
It's out there and you can learn how to write. Um, that's important
because it all comes out. It won't be easy. You're our whole year special.
Label off one here on paper, you're gonna be asked to send those
influence into Europe